Add blog post for week 49 (#979)
packit/packit.dev: weekly/2024/week-49.md

---
title: Week 49 in Packit
date: 2024-12-09
authors: flachman
tags:
  - 2024-December
  - 2024
  - December
---

## Week 49 (December 3rd – December 9th)

> - It's finally here! The team is planning to release Packit 1.0.0! We want to take this oportunity to cleanup long-time deprecated config options and a related code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's finally here! The team is planning to release Packit 1.0.0! We want to take this oportunity to clean up long-time deprecated config options and a related code.
```

> - It's finally here! The team is planning to release Packit 1.0.0! We want to take this oportunity to cleanup long-time deprecated config options and a related code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It's finally here! The team is planning to release Packit 1.0.0! We want to take this opportunity to cleanup long-time deprecated config options and related code.
```

>   To not let you alone in this, you can expect a pull-request with required changes in case you are affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To not let you alone in this, you can expect a pull request with required changes in case you are affected.
```
